#summary Character list

= Details =

*Architect* – Excited, hyperactive, cheerful and outgoing. A huge tomboy, and while she’s intelligent she acts childish. 

Average DEF – Abysmal ATTK – High SPEED. Support character.
  * The architect can build walls, and also repair them faster than other characters.
  * She can place turrets as a defensive measure.
  * She can revive incapacitated party members with electrocution.

Architect is purely support. Her main attack is based on single-direction turrets, and how many she can put down is based on her skill level. She can destroy her turrets if she needs to build them elsewhere. *More information will be available when this character is being worked on.*

----
*Noble* – Serious, no-nonsense, scholarly and knowledgeable. Is always facepalming at the blunders of his comrades. 

Abysmal DEF – Fantastic ATTK – Average SPEED. Glass cannon character.
  * The noble can slow and stop time, as well as speed himself up.
  * He is ranged.
  * He can reflect projectiles and magic.

Noble is a ranged character who can use time to his advantage. Because of his range, he has mana bullets he needs to charge just like Grenadier. He can also shoot while running. When he is reloading, he is useless. He can use his time magic, which all share cooldowns. They are basically like "oh shit" measures, with Stop being the ultimate panic attack strategy. The cooldowns for time abilities are longer than what they last, so it is important to the player to use them when it's needed so they can't spam.
  * Haste is point-blank. It will increase the movement speed of any allies within a range of the Noble.
  * Slow is a projectile missile that the noble can shoot, and it slows down X enemies in its area.
  * Stop will stop all enemies on the battlefield for a few seconds.
Additionally, Noble can reflect projectiles and magic spells with the left alt key, but he has to make sure they are in the right range. He will instantly nullify any projectiles with a magic shield *(absorption too? or is that too OP?)*.

----
*Grenadier* – Shy, silent, focused and aloof. Says nothing and no one ever knows what she’s thinking. 

High DEF – Average ATTK – Pathetic SPEED. Back-line rounded ranged character.
  * The grenadier has a multitude of bombs she can throw to damage or afflict enemies.
   * The powerful Flash Bang, which stuns all enemies in a very large area (this is her special)
   * Freeze Quake, which freezes enemies until someone attacks them
   * Flame Pit, which sets enemies on fire (DoT)
   * Rust Bomb, which lowers the attack of enemies
  * She is ranged.

Grenadier is basically a rounded character that can be used in many situations, though she is more suited to back-line support. She is very versatile and can hold back enemies well. All grenades share the same cooldown except her special, which has no cooldown.
She is ranged, thus has bullets. She can only shoot one at a time (but spammable), and has the ability to shoot while running. She can reload at any time, but if her bullets go to 0, she automatically reloads the next time she attacks. While reloading she is virtually useless and can't attack.

----
*Espion* – Trickster, liar, smooth and outspoken. Thinks he’s the main character and professes his love constantly to Grenadier. 

Pathetic DEF – High ATTK – Fantastic SPEED. Slippery cannon character.
  * The espion can stealth through enemies and prepare several strike attacks, all of which must have the enemy with its back to him.
   * Paralyzing Strike to paralyze enemies for a short time
   * Jagged Strike to make enemies bleed (DoT)
   * Backstab for just instant damage
  * He does more damage when an enemy has its back turned to him.
  * He can coat his weapons in poison. (DoT)

Espion is more suited to taking on powerful enemies, 1v1, with hit-and-run tactics. He has Stealth Arts, which allows him to execute three (aforementioned) attacks as long as he is cloaked and the enemy has their back to him. When these conditions have been met, he changes his stance with a dagger readied to stab the enemy. Upon attacking, he immediately exits stealth. This is the only time he can attack during stealth.
When in stealth, enemies don't see him, but they can still hit him with stray attacks if he gets in the way, so he must be careful. Getting hit will knock him out of stealth. Espion will lose Haste if going under stealth.

----
*Lancer* – Honourable, knight-like, brave yet gentle. He’s delusional and thinks he has to save a princess. 

Fantastic DEF – Pathetic ATTK – Abysmal SPEED. Front-line defensive character.
   * The lancer is capable of guarding attacks from enemies.
   * He can create temporary walls to stop enemies.
   * He can become nearly-invincible when in dire need.
   * He can taunt enemies to attack him.

Lancer is a tank, and can handle multiple enemies as an AOEr. He is focused on defensive measures and can create diversions for the enemies with temporary walls and taunts. *More information will be available when this character is being worked on.*